
.mr_brain dr_chaves
Type I vascular (AICA) loop, right
-
A vascular loop, likely the anterior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA) traverses the cisternal segments of the cranial nerve VII-VIII complex on the right. The cerebello-pontine angle regions are otherwise clear. The visualized labyrinthine and vestibulocochlear structures are preserved bilaterally. 


.mr_brain protocol_seizure dr_pilotin dr_tan
No acute infarct, intracranial hemorrhage or focal mass lesion
No discernible atrophy, abnormal parenchymal signals or abnormal enhancement of the bilateral temporal lobes, including the hippocampi
-
There is no restricted diffusion to suggest an acute infarct. No intracranial hemorrhage or focal mass lesion is identified. No abnormal parenchymal or meningeal enhancement noted. 
The hippocampi show normal size and signal intensity. The parahippocampal gyri and sulci are unremarkable. No discernible atrophy of the temporal lobes is noted.
Gray-white matter differentiation is preserved. There is no evidence of neuromigrational disorder. The sulci and cisterns are not effaced. The ventricles are within normal limits. The midline structures are in place.
The brainstem and cerebellum are intact. The cerebello-pontine angle regions are clear. The cavernous sinuses are fairly symmetrical. The sellar/juxtasellar region is unremarkable.
No abnormal flow voids seen. No evident abnormal serpiginous vessels.
The nasopharynx and paranasal sinuses are unremarkable. Limited imaged orbits does not show definite mass.




.mr_brain normal
No acute infarct, acute intracranial hemorrhage, discrete mass lesion, or abnormal enhancement
No abnormal parenchymal or meningeal enhancement 

.mr_brain
Stable enhancing diploic focus at the mid occipital bone, possibly relating to a hemangioma
-
The nodular enhancing diploic focus in the mid occipital bone diploe still measures 1.3 x 1.1 cm (stable), relating to a diploic hemangioma.

.ct_brain dr_rosario
Incidental finding of mixed-attenuation layering densities in the right maxillary sinus, with minimal bubbly components, may relate to acute sinus congestion with possible desiccated secretions; correlate clinically
-
Incidentally, there is mixed-attenuation layering densities in the right maxillary sinus, with minimal bubbly components, which may relate to acute sinus congestion with possible desiccated secretions. The rest of the visualized paranasal sinuses and both petromastoids are adequately aerated. The nasopharynx and included orbital structures are unremarkable.
